Raymond Lam, the goddess you've always dreamed of
I'm about to get naked in front of millions of netizens.
Thanks to Xu Chao for sending 30 carnivals
Sister Belle
The rules of this PK are
Who received the most carnivals within an hour?
Oh, time is almost up
I have 28 more carnivals than you.
According to the rules
You have to give me all the rewards you received today.
Then I have to drag 28 more pieces of clothing
Do you have enough clothes on?
Reward me
But I really can't do this punishment.
Can you change one?
What qualifications do you have to change?
Negotiate with me, a streamer with millions of fans
If you want to do this business, you must have the awareness to do this business.
If you are asked to take off, you can take off
Don't pretend to be innocent here.
Those who agree, please click on the public screen, haha
The punishment of taking off clothes is really exciting, right?
You immediately
You can see your goddess taking off her clothes.
Are you happy?
Not only can you see
All the men in the live studio can see it
Ha ha ha ha
Lin Feng, please come to my live broadcast room to help
If you help me win
I can promise you any condition.
I came here just in time because I was worried that the cash back for buying a bag was too slow.
Lin Feng, aren't you very rich?
Why don't you keep pretending?
If you don't have money for gifts
Your goddess is about to be seen by millions of fans
Hahaha
What's the hurry?
Dear brothers and sisters
Please,
What are you doing with your phone?
You're not going to borrow the maximum amount of money from your rich woman?
The recharge limit on this live broadcast interface should be changed
Only 20,000 can be charged at a time
I need to click 50 times to top up 1 million
My hands are a little tired
Ah, recharge 1 million
Lin Feng, is there really something wrong with your brain?
What nonsense are you talking about in broad daylight?
You poor bastard, you're quite good at acting.
You're still pretending even now.
But there are only 20 seconds left
Open your dog eyes and take a good look at your
Where is the goddess?
I'm about to start taking off my clothes in public, haha
Sister Qingcheng
Please, let's change it.
Let me sing you a song or dance for you
You can do anything.
Dancing is not a problem.
But you have to do a striptease